README.md, before:

# My Codewars Solutions (Java)

## Status
| Ranking | Build | Quality |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [![CodeWars](https://www.codewars.com/users/jeppestaerk/badges/micro)](https://www.codewars.com/users/jeppestaerk) | [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java) | [![Tests](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=test_success_density)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars) [![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars) [![Duplications](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=duplicated_lines_density)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars)<br>[![Smells](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=code_smells)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars) [![Bugs](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=bugs)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars) [![Vulnerabilities](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=vulnerabilities)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars)<br>[![Sqale](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=sqale_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars) [![Reliability](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=reliability_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars) [![Security](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars) |

## My Solutions
| kyu | Codewars Kate | My Solutions |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 4 | [Human readable duration format](https://www.codewars.com/kata/52742f58faf5485cae000b9a) | [HumanReadableDurationFormat.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/HumanReadableDurationFormat.java) |
| 4 | [Roman Numerals Encoder](https://www.codewars.com/kata/51b62bf6a9c58071c600001b) | [RomanNumeralsEncoder.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/RomanNumeralsEncoder.java) |
| 4 | [Ten-Pin Bowling](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5531abe4855bcc8d1f00004c) | [TenPinBowling.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/TenPinBowling.java) |
| 4 | [Reverse polish notation calculator](https://www.codewars.com/kata/52f78966747862fc9a0009ae) | [ReversePolishNotationCalculator.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/ReversePolishNotationCalculator.java) |
| 4 | [Longest Common Subsequence (Performance version)](https://www.codewars.com/kata/593ff8b39e1cc4bae9000070) | [LongestCommonSubsequencePerformanceVersion.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/LongestCommonSubsequencePerformanceVersion.java) |
| 4 | [Number of Proper Fractions with Denominator d](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55b7bb74a0256d4467000070) | [NumberOfProperFractionsWithDenominatorD.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/NumberOfProperFractionsWithDenominatorD.java) |
| 4 | [Square into Squares. Protect trees!](https://www.codewars.com/kata/54eb33e5bc1a25440d000891) | [SquareIntoSquaresProtectTrees.java](SquareIntoSquaresProtectTrees.java) |
| 4 | [Recover a secret string from random triplets](https://www.codewars.com/kata/53f40dff5f9d31b813000774) | [RecoverASecretStringFromRandomTriplets.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/RecoverASecretStringFromRandomTriplets.java) |
| 4 | [Sum by Factors](https://www.codewars.com/kata/54d496788776e49e6b00052f) | [SumByFactors.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/SumByFactors.java) |
| 4 | [Codewars style ranking system](https://www.codewars.com/kata/51fda2d95d6efda45e00004e) | [CodewarsStyleRankingSystem.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/CodewarsStyleRankingSystem.java) |
| 5 | [Scramblies](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55c04b4cc56a697bb0000048) | [Scramblies.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu5/Scramblies.java) |
| 5 | [Convert string to camel case](https://www.codewars.com/kata/517abf86da9663f1d2000003) | [ConvertStringToCamelCase.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu5/ConvertStringToCamelCase.java) |
| 6 | [Decode the Morse code](https://www.codewars.com/kata/54b724efac3d5402db00065e) | [DecodeTheMorseCode.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/DecodeTheMorseCode.java) |
| 6 | [Sort the odd](https://www.codewars.com/kata/578aa45ee9fd15ff4600090d) | [SortTheOdd.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/SortTheOdd.java) |
| 6 | [Vasya - Clerk](https://www.codewars.com/kata/555615a77ebc7c2c8a0000b8) | [VasyaClerk.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/VasyaClerk.java) |
| 6 | [Dubstep](https://www.codewars.com/kata/551dc350bf4e526099000ae5) | [Dubstep.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/Dubstep.java) |
| 6 | [Triple trouble](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55d5434f269c0c3f1b000058) | [TripleTrouble.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/TripleTrouble.java) |
| 6 | [Give me a Diamond](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5503013e34137eeeaa001648) | [GiveMeADiamond.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/GiveMeADiamond.java) |
| 6 | [Bouncing Balls](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5544c7a5cb454edb3c000047) | [BouncingBalls.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/BouncingBalls.java) |
| 6 | [Your order, please](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55c45be3b2079eccff00010f) | [YourOrderPlease.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/YourOrderPlease.java) |
| 6 | [Equal Sides Of An Array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5679aa472b8f57fb8c000047) | [EqualSidesOfAnArray.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/EqualSidesOfAnArray.java) |
| 6 | [Find the missing letter](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5839edaa6754d6fec10000a2) | [FindTheMissingLetter.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/FindTheMissingLetter.java) |
| 6 | [Build a pile of Cubes](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5592e3bd57b64d00f3000047) | [BuildAPileOfCubes.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/BuildAPileOfCubes.java) |
| 6 | [Find the odd int](https://www.codewars.com/kata/54da5a58ea159efa38000836) | [FindTheOddInt.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/FindTheOddInt.java) |
| 7 | [Shortest Word](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57cebe1dc6fdc20c57000ac9) | [ShortestWord.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu7/ShortestWord.java) |
| 7 | [Jaden Casing Strings](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5390bac347d09b7da40006f6) | [JadenCasingStrings.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu7/JadenCasingStrings.java) |
| 7 | [Ones and Zeros](https://www.codewars.com/kata/578553c3a1b8d5c40300037c) | [OnesAndZeros.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu7/OnesAndZeros.java) |
| 7 | [Money, Money, Money](https://www.codewars.com/kata/563f037412e5ada593000114) | [MoneyMoneyMoney.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu7/MoneyMoneyMoney.java) |
| 7 | [Descending Order](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5467e4d82edf8bbf40000155) | [DescendingOrder.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu7/DescendingOrder.java) |
| 7 | [Growth of a Population](https://www.codewars.com/kata/563b662a59afc2b5120000c6) | [GrowthOfAPopulation.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu7/GrowthOfAPopulation.java) |
| 8 | [Remove String Spaces](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57eae20f5500ad98e50002c5) | [RemoveStringSpaces.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu8/RemoveStringSpaces.java) |
| 8 | [Multiply](https://www.codewars.com/kata/50654ddff44f800200000004) | [Multiply.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu8/Multiply.java) |

## Kata Ranking (kyu)
*source: [Codewars Wiki Honor & Ranks](https://github.com/Codewars/codewars.com/wiki/Honor-&-Ranks) and [Codewars Wiki Kata Ranking](https://github.com/Codewars/codewars.com/wiki/Kata-Ranking)*

Ranks are used to indicate progression and difficulty. Code Warriors complete Kata which are assigned a rank, which in turn earns them a higher rank once they complete enough of them. There are two classes of ranks, Kyu and Dan. You begin with Kyu at level 8 and work your way down to level 1. Then you progress to Dan, where you work your way up from level 1 to level 8.

<!--
### **1 kyu** kata represent a proficient programming level.

At this level kata are similar to 2 kyu but more challenging. They may include concepts such as:
* Advanced AI/machine learning algorithms
* Complex interpreters and compilers
* Complex Mini-programs with multiple feature requirements (such as a complete markdown parser)
-->
<!--
### **2 kyu** kata represent a proficient programming level.

At this level kata require a mature understanding of complex programming concepts - concepts such as:
* Complex AI/machine learning algorithms
* Reverse engineering techniques
* Basic interpreters and compilers
* Basic mini-programs with multiple feature requirements (such as a basic markdown parser)
-->
<!--
### **3 kyu** kata represent a competent programming level.

At this level the kata are similar to 4 kyu but are more challenging. They include tasks that may handle:
* Computer science concepts utilizing advanced algorithms
* Ability to implement advanced requirements in a scalable fashion
* Basic AI/machine learning algorithms
* Detailed usage of advanced concepts such as concurrency, parallelism and cryptography
-->
### **4 kyu** kata represent a competent programming level.

At this level the kata begin to take some serious thought to complete. They include tasks that may handle:
* Computer science concepts utilizing complex algorithms
* Advanced design patterns
* Understanding intricate business requirements
* Advanced concepts such as concurrency, parallelism, meta programming and cryptography

### **5 kyu** kata represent a novice programming level.

At this level the kata are similar to 6 kyu but more challenging. It includes:
* Complex language features that require mature OOP/Functional concepts
* Advanced OOP/Functional concepts
* Complex Design Patterns
* Advanced regular expression usage

### **6 kyu** kata represent a novice programming level.

At this level the kata will start to include more advanced algorithmic challenges and more complex language features. It includes:
* Complex language features (closures, scopes, monads, etc)
* Complex OOP/Functional concepts
* Basic Design Patterns
* Complex Regular Expressions

### **7 kyu** kata represent a beginner programming level.

At this level the kata will generally challenge users on their core language and API reference knowledge. Tasks such as:
* Iterating arrays and returning a subset of values
* Basic data type manipulations
* Basic functional or object-oriented concepts
* Basic Regular Expressions

### **8 kyu** kata represent a beginner level.

At this level the kata is only challenging for users new to programming. This includes programming tasks such as:
* Defining a simple function (i.e. hello world)
* Basic variable assignments
* Fixing basic syntax issues
* Trivial algorithms such as basic if/else statements

Commit message:

Decode the Morse code, advanced

README.md, after:

# My Codewars Solutions (Java)

## Status
| Ranking | Build | Quality |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [![CodeWars](https://www.codewars.com/users/jeppestaerk/badges/micro)](https://www.codewars.com/users/jeppestaerk) | [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java) | [![Tests](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=test_success_density)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars) [![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars) [![Duplications](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=duplicated_lines_density)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars)<br>[![Smells](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=code_smells)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars) [![Bugs](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=bugs)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars) [![Vulnerabilities](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=vulnerabilities)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars)<br>[![Sqale](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=sqale_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars) [![Reliability](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=reliability_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars) [![Security](https://sonarcloud.io/api/badges/measure?key=io.staerk%3Acodewars&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=io.staerk%3Acodewars) |

## My Solutions
| kyu | Codewars Kate | My Solutions |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 4 | [Decode the Morse code, advanced](https://www.codewars.com/kata/54b72c16cd7f5154e9000457) | [DecodeTheMorseCodeAdvanced.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/DecodeTheMorseCodeAdvanced.java) |
| 4 | [Human readable duration format](https://www.codewars.com/kata/52742f58faf5485cae000b9a) | [HumanReadableDurationFormat.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/HumanReadableDurationFormat.java) |
| 4 | [Roman Numerals Encoder](https://www.codewars.com/kata/51b62bf6a9c58071c600001b) | [RomanNumeralsEncoder.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/RomanNumeralsEncoder.java) |
| 4 | [Ten-Pin Bowling](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5531abe4855bcc8d1f00004c) | [TenPinBowling.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/TenPinBowling.java) |
| 4 | [Reverse polish notation calculator](https://www.codewars.com/kata/52f78966747862fc9a0009ae) | [ReversePolishNotationCalculator.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/ReversePolishNotationCalculator.java) |
| 4 | [Longest Common Subsequence (Performance version)](https://www.codewars.com/kata/593ff8b39e1cc4bae9000070) | [LongestCommonSubsequencePerformanceVersion.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/LongestCommonSubsequencePerformanceVersion.java) |
| 4 | [Number of Proper Fractions with Denominator d](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55b7bb74a0256d4467000070) | [NumberOfProperFractionsWithDenominatorD.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/NumberOfProperFractionsWithDenominatorD.java) |
| 4 | [Square into Squares. Protect trees!](https://www.codewars.com/kata/54eb33e5bc1a25440d000891) | [SquareIntoSquaresProtectTrees.java](SquareIntoSquaresProtectTrees.java) |
| 4 | [Recover a secret string from random triplets](https://www.codewars.com/kata/53f40dff5f9d31b813000774) | [RecoverASecretStringFromRandomTriplets.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/RecoverASecretStringFromRandomTriplets.java) |
| 4 | [Sum by Factors](https://www.codewars.com/kata/54d496788776e49e6b00052f) | [SumByFactors.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/SumByFactors.java) |
| 4 | [Codewars style ranking system](https://www.codewars.com/kata/51fda2d95d6efda45e00004e) | [CodewarsStyleRankingSystem.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu4/CodewarsStyleRankingSystem.java) |
| 5 | [Scramblies](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55c04b4cc56a697bb0000048) | [Scramblies.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu5/Scramblies.java) |
| 5 | [Convert string to camel case](https://www.codewars.com/kata/517abf86da9663f1d2000003) | [ConvertStringToCamelCase.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu5/ConvertStringToCamelCase.java) |
| 6 | [Decode the Morse code](https://www.codewars.com/kata/54b724efac3d5402db00065e) | [DecodeTheMorseCode.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/DecodeTheMorseCode.java) |
| 6 | [Sort the odd](https://www.codewars.com/kata/578aa45ee9fd15ff4600090d) | [SortTheOdd.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/SortTheOdd.java) |
| 6 | [Vasya - Clerk](https://www.codewars.com/kata/555615a77ebc7c2c8a0000b8) | [VasyaClerk.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/VasyaClerk.java) |
| 6 | [Dubstep](https://www.codewars.com/kata/551dc350bf4e526099000ae5) | [Dubstep.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/Dubstep.java) |
| 6 | [Triple trouble](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55d5434f269c0c3f1b000058) | [TripleTrouble.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/TripleTrouble.java) |
| 6 | [Give me a Diamond](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5503013e34137eeeaa001648) | [GiveMeADiamond.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/GiveMeADiamond.java) |
| 6 | [Bouncing Balls](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5544c7a5cb454edb3c000047) | [BouncingBalls.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/BouncingBalls.java) |
| 6 | [Your order, please](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55c45be3b2079eccff00010f) | [YourOrderPlease.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/YourOrderPlease.java) |
| 6 | [Equal Sides Of An Array](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5679aa472b8f57fb8c000047) | [EqualSidesOfAnArray.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/EqualSidesOfAnArray.java) |
| 6 | [Find the missing letter](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5839edaa6754d6fec10000a2) | [FindTheMissingLetter.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/FindTheMissingLetter.java) |
| 6 | [Build a pile of Cubes](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5592e3bd57b64d00f3000047) | [BuildAPileOfCubes.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/BuildAPileOfCubes.java) |
| 6 | [Find the odd int](https://www.codewars.com/kata/54da5a58ea159efa38000836) | [FindTheOddInt.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu6/FindTheOddInt.java) |
| 7 | [Shortest Word](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57cebe1dc6fdc20c57000ac9) | [ShortestWord.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu7/ShortestWord.java) |
| 7 | [Jaden Casing Strings](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5390bac347d09b7da40006f6) | [JadenCasingStrings.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu7/JadenCasingStrings.java) |
| 7 | [Ones and Zeros](https://www.codewars.com/kata/578553c3a1b8d5c40300037c) | [OnesAndZeros.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu7/OnesAndZeros.java) |
| 7 | [Money, Money, Money](https://www.codewars.com/kata/563f037412e5ada593000114) | [MoneyMoneyMoney.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu7/MoneyMoneyMoney.java) |
| 7 | [Descending Order](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5467e4d82edf8bbf40000155) | [DescendingOrder.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu7/DescendingOrder.java) |
| 7 | [Growth of a Population](https://www.codewars.com/kata/563b662a59afc2b5120000c6) | [GrowthOfAPopulation.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu7/GrowthOfAPopulation.java) |
| 8 | [Remove String Spaces](https://www.codewars.com/kata/57eae20f5500ad98e50002c5) | [RemoveStringSpaces.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu8/RemoveStringSpaces.java) |
| 8 | [Multiply](https://www.codewars.com/kata/50654ddff44f800200000004) | [Multiply.java](https://github.com/jeppestaerk/My-CodeWars-Solutions-Java/blob/master/src/main/java/kata/kyu8/Multiply.java) |

## Kata Ranking (kyu)
*source: [Codewars Wiki Honor & Ranks](https://github.com/Codewars/codewars.com/wiki/Honor-&-Ranks) and [Codewars Wiki Kata Ranking](https://github.com/Codewars/codewars.com/wiki/Kata-Ranking)*

Ranks are used to indicate progression and difficulty. Code Warriors complete Kata which are assigned a rank, which in turn earns them a higher rank once they complete enough of them. There are two classes of ranks, Kyu and Dan. You begin with Kyu at level 8 and work your way down to level 1. Then you progress to Dan, where you work your way up from level 1 to level 8.

<!--
### **1 kyu** kata represent a proficient programming level.

At this level kata are similar to 2 kyu but more challenging. They may include concepts such as:
* Advanced AI/machine learning algorithms
* Complex interpreters and compilers
* Complex Mini-programs with multiple feature requirements (such as a complete markdown parser)
-->
<!--
### **2 kyu** kata represent a proficient programming level.

At this level kata require a mature understanding of complex programming concepts - concepts such as:
* Complex AI/machine learning algorithms
* Reverse engineering techniques
* Basic interpreters and compilers
* Basic mini-programs with multiple feature requirements (such as a basic markdown parser)
-->
<!--
### **3 kyu** kata represent a competent programming level.

At this level the kata are similar to 4 kyu but are more challenging. They include tasks that may handle:
* Computer science concepts utilizing advanced algorithms
* Ability to implement advanced requirements in a scalable fashion
* Basic AI/machine learning algorithms
* Detailed usage of advanced concepts such as concurrency, parallelism and cryptography
-->
### **4 kyu** kata represent a competent programming level.

At this level the kata begin to take some serious thought to complete. They include tasks that may handle:
* Computer science concepts utilizing complex algorithms
* Advanced design patterns
* Understanding intricate business requirements
* Advanced concepts such as concurrency, parallelism, meta programming and cryptography

### **5 kyu** kata represent a novice programming level.

At this level the kata are similar to 6 kyu but more challenging. It includes:
* Complex language features that require mature OOP/Functional concepts
* Advanced OOP/Functional concepts
* Complex Design Patterns
* Advanced regular expression usage

### **6 kyu** kata represent a novice programming level.

At this level the kata will start to include more advanced algorithmic challenges and more complex language features. It includes:
* Complex language features (closures, scopes, monads, etc)
* Complex OOP/Functional concepts
* Basic Design Patterns
* Complex Regular Expressions

### **7 kyu** kata represent a beginner programming level.

At this level the kata will generally challenge users on their core language and API reference knowledge. Tasks such as:
* Iterating arrays and returning a subset of values
* Basic data type manipulations
* Basic functional or object-oriented concepts
* Basic Regular Expressions

### **8 kyu** kata represent a beginner level.

At this level the kata is only challenging for users new to programming. This includes programming tasks such as:
* Defining a simple function (i.e. hello world)
* Basic variable assignments
* Fixing basic syntax issues
* Trivial algorithms such as basic if/else statements
